Change fetch description to match real world experience (#27927)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/fetch/index.md

The promise resolves to the {{domxref("Response")}} object
representing the response to your request.

> A {{domxref("fetch()")}} promise only rejects when a network error is encountered,
> or an HTTP status code that represents a network error such as `407`.
> A {{domxref("fetch()")}} promise _does not_ reject on common HTTP errors such as `404` and `500`.
> Instead, a `then()` handler must check the {{domxref("Response.ok")}} and/or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A {{domxref("fetch()")}} promise only rejects when the request fails, for example, because of a badly-formed request URL or a network error.
A {{domxref("fetch()")}} promise _does not_ reject if the server responds with HTTP status codes that indicate errors (`404`, `504`, etc.). Instead, a
```
